storage: add localforage support (#668)
solidjs-community/solid-primitives: packages/storage/README.md

});
```

#### LocalForage

> LocalForage allows to use indexedDB among others to greatly increase the size of what can be stored. Just drop it in as a storage (only supported in the client):

Reviewer: nit: grammar "LocalForage allows to use ..." is a bit off.

```suggestion
LocalForage uses indexedDB (if available) to greatly increase the size of what can be stored. Just drop it in as a storage (only supported in the client):
```
